and I wanted to say something since today it is said that I’m version I don’t
I died but I was there on the edge of death
on that sixth day of September 2018 the last moments that I realized that
was happening
and I was in the operating room of the holy judge house outside I saw that
there were a lot of people on my white side
given me moment the last words I heard was it is
and we will open those words, maybe there was a doctor doctor borsato
that I talk to him from time to time but I didn't ask him if he was the one
said that i remember the next day if there is september seven and
today i woke up was being placed inside the uti plane and inside the plane
there is a person I'm 60 years old that I had no idea that she
was later I learned that this person was a famous doctor, Dr. Macedo
I'm sure that by god at the hands of these doctors and judge from outside and the
albert einstein hospital i went sunshine as well as for the prayers of millions of people
who accompanied me in the week to come and I think we all have the sea is
it's a story here on earth i believe that god did not leave a simple person
like any other is like me go away in that
day but the other miracle in my understanding happened I see here in front of me
some who were politicians, I'm seeing brillet here in front of me on the screen
it is and these people know what politics is like in brazil how it fed
over decades and the profile to reach the presidency was not my nothing
had to arrive if you want to have a party by March 2018 there was nothing left to
tell it to come to the presidency as it was a norm of that
time that this miracle happened even without leaving the hospital or after my
home or many people to visit many evangelical catholic Christians
among other denominations split taram and it happened at the end of october 2018 in
election and what I confess I started to work
four years before alone walking through brazil i had to pass me that
really deserves a movie but I didn’t say it can’t be easy as
for example my ticket to manacapuru monaco arriving alone
in that city where some 200 people were waiting for me at the port and then I believe that a
very important thing if you get the victory is john 8:32 always always
bringing the truth to these people I never spoke to me to speak
what the people wanted to hear and I always said what the people had to hear and has
one more ticket also so as not to go out too much
living a lot here how did brazil appear above all god above all
Brazil above all is used in the military environment up to the length between the
military and other he is Brazil above all for the first time the god above
everyone you can search the internet every day of the event in front of the
national congress I have several parliamentarians present this is 10 years old
approximately and he jehovah multi-political leaderships that I was there and
suddenly a pastor arrived who was not because he was not a politician and said, you know, only three will
speak one is you pointed at me it was but i'm not evangelical are you going
talk there didn’t use the word just a little while ago at the beginning of this one there and I
I was thinking, what am I going to say? How am I going to direct to people from
6 evangelicals say something wasn’t a candidate there at that time right
I saw that I knew I was a candidate but nobody knew in my mouth, right?
I had this piece to claim and addressed myself I spoke to this audience and with
success that when I spoke and everyone I did not know how
complementary I sent something that has me sent me to speak god above all
you can be sure of that as well as the values ​​that we defend so
worn out over the past few years and especially family members disrespect
nailed tax against our children and the classroom the more and more wearing out
institutions like the military are increasingly preaching discord the division
between us of race color sex this all of us spoke exactly the opposite as
should be should keep brazil for us all 14 tension and i believe that this
second miracle the election happened is because what was at stake was not a
a government that could simply change something was a government that
I had to change a lot and, who knows, I apologize if I'm wrong
I can reformulate what we are going to talk about here now but I understand that there are
something much more important than our own life is our freedom and
saved walking and to be a venezuela as we have
now there is a great danger ahead of us that we are already preparing to
away from it we cannot place the destiny of our country without a doubt that
freedom will be maintained at any price I have an obligation the duty to
awareness that you have to worry about it even knowing that you have against
us a huge media page to be found we still authorities that
work to make the country a country worse and worse than just this way
this can again ascended to power this responsibility is very large the
weight is huge in my family everyone has suffered something even who
is on my side as well as any of you who publicly support me
has suffered will we know we are sure that all this effort from each
of us is rewarding we are looking to do our best and make sure that god
we will be the responsibility is very big the cross is very heavy but with
millions of people next to me who have a green and yellow heart that believe in
god and that the country with these people we could
overcome this obstacle now see this virus is what I have been saying since the beginning
since 40 days ago we have two problems ahead there behind said the virus and
unemployment 40 days later and it looks like it's starting to go away
the virus collection but it is coming and hitting hard today unemployment we must
fighting these two things obviously we always fight all
believing in god above all we will overcome these obstacles will not be easy
but I'm sure we will get there my thanks to you all a happy
a happy easter and that we here more and more surrender ourselves in the hands of our
creator a good afternoon everyone